Answers
1. The other day I decided to clean my bedsheets for the first time in a long time. I found this bizarre implement under my pillow. Why is it there?
One who sleeps with a naginata is a fool every night but one.
2. Should I read the Tao Te Ching, or the Art of War?
Tzu bits of wisdom:
If you seek to find your way, read Lao.
If someone is in your way, read Sun.
3. What did Young Scott suggest investing in?
Invest in Blockbuster. The internet is a fad.
4. Did Young Scott see Covid coming?
My prediction, distilled from various computer models:
There will be two global health crises in the near future.
The first will revolve around tide pods and will be spread through the Internet.
The second will be worse.
5. For as long as I can remember, I’ve been nervous when I’m near a merry-go-round if I have a bottle of water with me. Why is that?
Water is hydrogen and oxygen.
Oxygen is heavier than hydrogen.
If you spin a glass of water the oxygen will be disproportionately pulled to the outside. If you spin it enough, the oxygen will separate from the hydrogen and then you've made myself a bomb.
6. My friend (Ava, Zoey, Vivian, Eve,  Aisha, or Chaim, I don’t remember which) gave me some lemons. What should I do?
Wisdom borrowed from Uncle Jimmy.
When life gives you lemons:
Throw those lemons on the ground, spit in life's eye, and refuse to leave until you get the damned limes you asked for the in first place.
7. Did Young Scott know any good cocktail recipes?
Cocktail recipe: "Any port in a storm"
Mix equal parts Talisker Storm and any port.
Pour over ice.
8. Do I really need anything more than spellcheck in any circumstance?
Spellcheck is not enough when ordering from a general-purpose online delivery company.
Learned when I had to fix a circuit board with some smoldering iron.
9. Did Young Scott record any good jokes?
Every joke has a short setup, a lengthy middle, and a short punchline.
Punchline: To which the rabbit replied "because r = a ^ ((a ^ b) & mask), obviously."
10. Did Young Scott leave any red herrings?
This is a red herring.
11. Did Young Scott have any wisdom to share about watching pots?
12. I lost a shopping list long ago. What was on it?
* Milk
* Eggs
* 2 cups almond extract
* Potatoes
* Green beans
* Horseradish
* Neapolitan ice cream (tub)
* Protein powder
* Diet coke
* Mentos
* Orange juice (all pulp)
* Oops! All Crunch Berries
* Capn Crunch (regular)
* Milk (again)
* Altoids
* Dog food
13. What happened right after intermission?


Extra Text
1. Test hidden message 001.
TODO: Remember to delete.
Answer key to COSC383F22 final exam: https://tinyurl.com/mwd53d3j


2. itertools is your friend.
itertools.product, specifically.


3. Note to future self:
Buy shoes.
People will gives you all sorts of questions if you don't buy shoes.
Also, after buying the shoes, wear the shoes to avoid yet further questioning.


4. At times you can kill two birds with one stone.
If you do so, you will be short a stone and will have killed two birds.
If you don't, you will have a stone, and two birds will keep their lives.


5. Why say in four lines...
WHAT YOU COULD SAY IN ONE?


6. IT TAKES TOO LONG TO TYPE LIKE THIS